docs: fix typos in concepts/application doc (#3993)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/applications.en.md

> An application is a group of related services, environments, and pipelines. Whether you have one service that does everything or a constellation of micro-services, Copilot organizes them and the environments they're deployed into an "application".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application is a group of related services, environments, and pipelines. Whether you have one service that does everything or a constellation of micro-services, Copilot organizes the service(s), and the environments into which they can be deployed, into an "application."
```
